
Hey X!

I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for filling out my survey last year regarding the introduction of the physical student card. You may also be glad to hear that many other students agree with your view: I have summarized the (anonymised) results here: https://agoodidea.vjbe.net 

The variety and seriousness of the comments has convinced me that this is a campaign worth fighting.   

When I addressed the student council about this last year, I did not get a very serious answer. I am hopeful that this year, when I bring it up again, the evidence I have gathered through the form will make them take us more seriously. So again, thank you for filling in the form, and especially leaving a comment. 

If you'd like to get involved in the campaign, I am looking for volunteers to help with administring the survey for new students in September, lobbying the council, building a following on instagram @agood.id.ea, and creating a dutch-language survey. If you'd like to get involved in any of those, let me know! 

Currently, all comments are anonymous. If you'd like your name to appear next to your comment, please let me know. 

Finally, I am offering the opportunity to become a member of the board of Good IDea. It doesn't require any time commitment on your part. All you have to do is send me your name and picture: it will appear on https://agoodidea.com/board. Your visible presence on the board will help add weight and seriousness to the campaign. 

I do not know how difficult it will be to make this motion pass, so in case we have to wait long, I have developed an Unofficial Student Card: these are business-card-sized laminated versions of the enrollment certificate. These are 100% valid means of student identification and I successfully used mine since May 2026 to get access to Drift. They cost me about 3.50 EUR to make at a local commercial print shop. If you think you might find them useful, you can order yours here: https://agoodidea.vjbe.net. Ordering one also helps support the campaign and will help convince the student government that students are willing to pay a small fee for a proper student card. 

Warm (analog) regards, 

Victor